updating CC*, requirements, Additional Materials (#859)
opensciencegrid/technology: docs/policy/campus-cyberinfrastructure.md

[Open Science Grid](https://www.opensciencegrid.org) (OSG) is mentioned as a potential path to sharing resources with
the wider research community:

> Proposals are required to commit to a minimum of 20% shared time on the cluster and describe their approach to making 
> the cluster available as a shared resource external to the campus, [...]
> **One possible approach to implementing such a federated distributed computing solution is joining a multi-campus or 
> national federated system such as the Open Science Grid.**

Contributing to the OSG
-----------------------

The OSG consortium provides standard services and support for computational resource providers (i.e., "sites") using a
[distributed fabric](https://map.opensciencegrid.org) of high throughput computating (HTC) technologies.
These distributed-HTC (dHTC) services communicate with the site's local resource management (e.g. "queueing") systems to provision
resources for OSG users.
The OSG itself does not own resources, but provides software and services that enable the sharing of resources by many sites, 

> and enable users to take advantage of these from submission points (whether via an OSG-0perated submission point, like 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and enable users to take advantage of these from submission points (whether via an OSG-operated submission point, like 
```

> [OSG Connect](https://www.osgconnect.net/), or via a 'local' one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OSG Connect](https://www.osgconnect.net/), or a locally-managed one).
```

reviewing the following presentations from our [October 2020 workshop on dHTC and OSG services for campuses](https://indico.fnal.gov/event/45998/timetable/#20201022) ([YouTube Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLBWb4iScSWcPGfjvJztz_IeHCKS7f3u1k)):

- Intro to dHTC and PATh Services for Campuses ([slides](https://indico.fnal.gov/event/45998/contributions/199894/attachments/136489/169747/20201022OSGCampusWorkshop_dHTCServiceOverview_LMichael.pdf),[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYc6RaWL33g&list=PLBWb4iScSWcPGfjvJztz_IeHCKS7f3u1k&index=2&t=5s))
- How OSG Works ([slides](https://indico.fnal.gov/event/45998/contributions/199896/attachments/136496/169757/ccstarOctober2020-whatisosg.pdf), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwIs7oa56t8&list=PLBWb4iScSWcPGfjvJztz_IeHCKS7f3u1k&index=4)
- Intro to OSG Resource Sharing ([slides](https://indico.fnal.gov/event/45998/contributions/199898/attachments/136497/169758/ccstarOctober2020-resourcesharing.pdf), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GuR8gxrVRew&list=PLBWb4iScSWcPGfjvJztz_IeHCKS7f3u1k&index=5))

> - Resource Sharing Technology, Security, System Requirements, Setup Process ([slides](https://indico.fnal.gov/event/45998/contributions/199903/attachments/136555/169835/OSG-Sharing-Resources-CCStar-2020.pdf), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5YtIIs7bqg&list=PLBWb4iScSWcPGfjvJztz_IeHCKS7f3u1k&index=7))

Reviewer: @lmichael107 Maybe we should store the slides in the repo as before? Probably not as strictly necessary as before with them being in Indico instead of Google Drive

Author: yeah, let's keep it all in one place (Indico), which we just didn't have before.
